Prep v1.3.0 (#406)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/admin/release_notes/version_1.3.md

# v1.3 Release Notes

- Add the ability to update Intended Configuration for multiple use cases, supporting rendering of secrets out of the box.
- Enable Routine Testing Against Upstream Nautobot versions to ensure continuous compatibility.

## v1.3.0 - 2022-12

### Added

> - [#344](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config/issues/344) - Enable Routine Testing Against Upstream Nautobot versions to ensure continuous compatibility.
> - [#339](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config/issues/339) - Add the ability to update Intended Configuration for multiple use cases, supporting rendering of secrets out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#344](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config/issues/344) - Enable routine testing against upstream Nautobot versions to ensure continuous compatibility.
- [#339](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config/issues/339) - Add the ability to post-process Intended Configuration for multiple use cases, supporting rendering of secrets out of the box.
```
A couple of opinionated suggestions, feel free to disregard whatsoever.
